Add a callback setting for locale mapping (#6)
mozilla/wagtail-localize-smartling: README.md

    }
    ```

If your project locales do not match those in Smartling (e.g. `ro` in your project, `ro-RO` in Smartling),

> then you can specify a callable or a dotted path to a callable in the `LOCALE_MAPPER` setting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
then you can specify a callable or a dotted path to a callable in the `LOCALE_MAPPING_CALLBACK` setting
```
